README.md, before:

# E-Commerce and relational database

A minimalistic website with a e-commerce system were you can buy products, a shoping cart and rating system. Database built on MariaDB.

# Group 1

* Hugo Wangler, hugwan-6
* Aron Strandberg, arostr-5
* Martin Terneborg, termar-5
* Robin Vernström Persson, robper-6

## Plan for Sprint 1 

The overall goal of the first sprint is to choose development environment, and to setup a simple website and database with basic functionalities. 

### Roles

Customer
```
Order from site, grade and comment a product and login.
```
Administrator
```
Update and edit/add/remove products to the database and web page.
```


### Scrum board

![zube](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/I0tZq_vSQ36kczN9FZRPzQcJi48XH9VgEJ6-41cKjnbWUe2crPfF7TFARoFVX1uPZt5WLS6gBwXTWjnby__G4C-D0m8LratMvKME-1yQ6MzIfh5wrL0CpVNDEVtQMbBLzlv7tCPM)


### Database tables

![db tables](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3ywzEY1gmNByiKPyKksbSronrzqbmhU9kDBkPAkcr97Blkoh1gmK1kPx7-DT5OpoofuB1WSUT3AfVRDLY5mIUbC6CW058emKa7v-MbqYgrNdae98K2XXf824jhbgLeFa4reKPd06)

Commit message:

Added "support" but with strikethrough
It was part of the sprint plan 1 but have been removed

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce and relational database

A minimalistic website with a e-commerce system were you can buy products, a shoping cart and rating system. Database built on MariaDB.

# Group 1

* Hugo Wangler, hugwan-6
* Aron Strandberg, arostr-5
* Martin Terneborg, termar-5
* Robin Vernström Persson, robper-6

## Plan for Sprint 1 

The overall goal of the first sprint is to choose development environment, and to setup a simple website and database with basic functionalities. 

### Roles

Customer
```
Order from site, grade and comment a product and login.
```

~~Support~~
```
Handle customer complaints, help with orders and respond tp customer comments.
```

Administrator
```
Update and edit/add/remove products to the database and web page.
```


### Scrum board

![zube](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/I0tZq_vSQ36kczN9FZRPzQcJi48XH9VgEJ6-41cKjnbWUe2crPfF7TFARoFVX1uPZt5WLS6gBwXTWjnby__G4C-D0m8LratMvKME-1yQ6MzIfh5wrL0CpVNDEVtQMbBLzlv7tCPM)


### Database tables

![db tables](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3ywzEY1gmNByiKPyKksbSronrzqbmhU9kDBkPAkcr97Blkoh1gmK1kPx7-DT5OpoofuB1WSUT3AfVRDLY5mIUbC6CW058emKa7v-MbqYgrNdae98K2XXf824jhbgLeFa4reKPd06)
